# Jumping and Solving Problems Educational math game in Bulgarian language
#### Video Demo:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9gzvY3alkvM NOTE: Enable Subtitles
#### Description: Скачане и смятане (En. Jumping and Solving Problems) is a math educational game for 2nd grade students in Bulgaria. It was programmed in gdscript using Godot engine. The game has a start menu with three buttons: New Game, Continue, and Exit. Once the child starts the game, they will be given a short tutorial on how to play the game - To move their character, which is a robot, they must use the arrows on their keyboard (Windows) or swipe with finger on their screen (Android). Each time they do that, the robot they control will move one tile towards that direction. To finish the level, players must reach a bolt by solving a puzzle by moving crates around the map using their robot. There are also obscales and water in the map, one cannot go through obscales or push crates through them. If they fall in the water they die, but they can push the crates in water and walk on them. Once they reach the bolt, they will be given a randomly generated math exercise about addition, substraction, multiplication, or division of two numbers. If they answer the exercise correctly they move to the next level, however, if they answer incorrectly, they will be forced to restart the level, the same thing happens if they fall in the water. Inside the level scenes, the players have two buttons on the top left corner of their screen. The first button is to return to the menu, and the second one is to restart the level. Once players complete all levels, they will receive a congratulations message and will be given the options to exit or restart the game. Since the questions in the game are randomly generated, children can play the game again after time to practice solving math exercises, they will be given random questions each time. Google drive exports: https://drive.google.com/drive/u/0/folders/1SZLScxWgN05FI7ht1JXpaFu_gmKju9TI
